Create community-playbook.md (#433)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/contributors/community-playbook.md

# Community Playbook

> This guide outlines the process of running community campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook outlines various processes and practices used in the Mattermost community, including running community design meetings and campaigns, managing GitHub and forum issues, and managing Twitter.
```
